
Surya IPS is a September 5th, 1991 released Maheswari Parameswari Productions film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy, who gave several hits like Nyayam Kavali, Khalidi, Abhilasha among others. Venkatesh and Vijayshanti starrer Surya IPS is produced and written by T. Subbarami Reddy and Paruchuri Brothers respectively. Ilayaraja, being the music composer of the film, composed some of its most cherished numbers like Jijjinaka Jijjinaka, Nelaraja, and Om Namo Nama Ya Panama among others sung melodiously by S.P. Balu and Chitra.

This action packed critically acclaimed Telugu film comprises the story of a cheerful young guy named Surya, who lives with his aged grandfather, who continuously pushes his grandson to join the Indian Police Services (IPS).There he not only meets Sireesha, whom he used to trouble a lot during their college but also comes to know about his mother’s horrible fate at the hands of his father so that he could marry the sister of CM Eekambraswara Rao played by Gokkina Rama Rao. The truth infuriates him further to work hard and avenge Jagadeswara Rao, his father. Meanwhile, Sireesha’s dad, Rajeshwara Rao decides to stand up in elections alongside C.M. Jagadeswara Rao becomes restless and kills Rajeshwara Rao along with his other family members.

Eventually, this case is given to Surya, and both Jagadeswara Rao and C.M. tries their level best to put somehow Surya behind bars. They also succeed in sending him to prison. Rest of the story narrates his plans and its execution with the help of his accomplice Sireesha to bring justice to his mother and grandfather. It’s not just the story that keeps its audience intact but also the mind-boggling star cast. Such as actor Venkatesh Daggubati in the role of a jolly fellow who later comes out as a determined Police Officer with a burning desire to bring justice to distressed victims, who’d been anxiously waiting for it for a very long time.

Venkatesh’s pairing with gorgeous Vijayashanti who essayed the role of Sireesha magnificently also worked wonders. No doubt, she was one of the leading actresses of her time. Sharath Kumar also surprised the spectators with his superb acting skills in his portrayal of Surya’s instructor-cum-friend. Amidst such excellent performances, Satyanarayana as the beloved grandfather and Charan Raj as the immoral father, Jagadeswara Rao, acted fabulously. Other well-known actors such as Rallapalli, Vallabhaneni Janardhan, Gokina Rama Rao, Kota Shankar Rao, Narayana Rao, Bhimeswara Rao, Jyothi, Sudha Rani, Tatineni Rajeswari, and Tarun essayed their respective roles quite perfectly.
