Read review for this film "Saahasam Swaasaga Saagipo Movie Review"
Tollywood has a style full of rich and vibrant mass action, music and scintillating item songs. Genuinely, the energy of the movies is irresistible.Saahasam Swasaga Sagipo is a suspense-romantic thriller composed and coordinated by Gautham Menon. It is a bilingual undertaking. Saahasam Swasaga Sagipo is the Teluguform which filmed along with Tamil adaptation titled Achcham Enbadhu Madamaiyada. The fundamental leads for Tamil version are Silambarasan and Manjima Mohan. While, in Telugu version, Naga Chaitanya, and Manjima Mohan are in the limelight. The playback artist Baba Sehgal is playing a negative role as a cop in both the variant.

The movie has 5 songs and all composed by A.R Rahman, the celebrated Oscar victor. With the baggage of hopes and promotion, the stars are excitedly sitting tight for motion picture's prosperity. Menon has made a romantic movie with a pinch of suspense and action. The movie is about a road trip treating both his hero, a little differently. Both have their inner dilemma going on. Naga Chaitanya starts his story on an anonymous street, though; Simbu starts his story by a carom board. Naga communicates his internal fight to his friend, Manjima. At that point, he welcomes her to a street trip. We see a decent love and fellowship story. Naga is looking to do normal things in his life. They both start their journey on the bike in the pursuit of life. But as we are aware of life is brimming with astonishment.

The circumstance tossed at them and everything changes. Entry of Baba Sehgal as degenerate cop transforms the sentimental plot into a thriller. He plays the antagonist. Things changes so much in their life that Nagahas to point the gun towards the young lady. To find out what actually happens, Guys! You need to watch this adventurous road trip movie! A.R Rahman has given noteworthy music. The music has already stolen the hearts of numerous Indians. Vellipomaakey and other mixed impeccably with the dramatization. The entire album has received an amazing response. The movie has some really alluring visuals.

The significant part of the movie were shot in the beautiful location of Chennai, Kerala, and Turkey. It is intriguing to see Naga into such extreme character, however, in some of the scenes, his dialogue delivery is not going with the flow. It’s Manjima’s debut Telugu movie, and she sublimely justified in her character. Baba Sehgal does a great job. It is well worth watching. Just don’t do with too many expectations.
